This is part two of this video. So, if
you haven't watched part one already,
click on the link in the description to
bring you there to watch that portion
first.
Now, we have different ways to
document what's happening. And I believe
that we have an increased level of
poverty and less savings. We have
individuals not being able to pay their
bills. Everything is getting worse it
seems. And that's of course when you
scratch the surface. The surface is
always in most cases it's going to look
pretty. But underneath that you reveal
the dirt. You
reveal
what's truly
lurking under there. What happens when
your kids move home or never move out?
We want to hear from US parents whose
nests have stayed full. For the first
time in a more than 130 years, you uh
young US adults are more likely to live
with their parents than in any other
housing situation. Nearly a third of all
Americans aged between 18 and 34
currently live with their parents, while
31% are shocked up with a
partner. You're talking about a very
large percentage of people nowadays,
young people are living with their
parents. This presents a very big
problem. Now, and if an individual wants
to live with their parents, there's
nothing wrong with that at all. But if
you're living with your parents because
you can't afford to move out, that
everyone is the problem. 1970, take
these statistics where you look at the
average housing price compared with the
average wage. You would be able to buy
that house after a few short years. Then
you move forward 40 years and you'll see
that it's significantly higher. In fact,
it would take you I mean, think of the
average person. They get their mortgage
for 25 years, and a lot of them are
lucky to pay that off in that 25 year
period. A lot of them end up taking out
second and third mortgages. They'll
never pay it
back. So, what we have is a situation
that is very, very clear. less
disposable income, less savings, and
more
hardship. Yet, at the same time, asset
prices are rising. So, you as an
individual, if you're invested in
assets, you're probably going to do
better than a person who's in massive
amounts of
debt. That's just a simplification of
it. Let's move on to this one quickly.
Poverty is increasing. The ILO estimated
that in 2012 over 300 million people in
developed countries were living in
poverty. That's a huge number. But of
course that's the entire globe. But
still 300 million people in developing
developed nations are suffering living
in poverty. And of course this could be
eradicated very quickly. But the
government has their own agenda.
Anyway, let's just take it for what it
is. We have poverty
increasing. Connected in with that,
despite mud, trash, and rats, residents
plead with the city not to shut the soda
homeless camp. All around the US, even
in Canada, other areas, particularly
where the climates are a bit more mild,
you tend to see this more.
But there is so much poverty,
homelessness, tent cities being uh set
up everywhere. They're trying to shut
down certain ones, but ultimately where
are they going to go? You have a very
very bad situation where the middle
class is evaporating. Look to any
developing nation and you will find
there is no middle class. You have a
bunch of rich people and a whole bunch
of poor people and that's the way it is.
But what you look to these developed
nations today, you will see over the
years slowly but surely the middle class
is being eviscerated. They're being sent
off into the long-term memories of
individuals.
the 2010 flash crash. Remember what
happened? Well, for those who don't,
very quickly, a computer algorithm,
which by the way trades nearly all of
the stocks today, nearly all the money
being traded today is traded with
computers, done automatically based on
whatever the heck has been told to them.
And you'll see this for yourself. 2010
flash crash, how it crashed so
dramatically in a very, very short
period of time. I think it was, let's
say, 20 or 30 minutes. The stock market
had actually it says right there, just
20 minutes, the biggest stock plunge in
decades, all traced to one gargantuan
sell order.
This should frighten anybody and not
just those who are invested in stocks.
People whose pension funds are all
relying on what happens with the stock
market. And at any moment, any moment
your stocks can be evaporated and you
don't think so because you think it's
guaranteed, because you think you've
chosen the right stock. You think
because those in control will put a stop
order. They have money invested, their
companies are at risk. They're not going
to allow this to happen. But I believe
and this is my personal belief that at
some point for some reason
altogether there will be a moment in
time where we are shaken
out and they will purposely create or
allow organically to create a
deflationary environment. that deflation
could get very, very bad. At which point
all of those who have the money start to
take
theirs, putting it in to the stock
markets, buying the bonds, buying
whatever it is that they feel is
undervalued, and then they ramp up the
printing presses. And so, lo and behold,
their value increases dramatically.
This is what I believe will happen. They
will create a
hyperinflationary
environment. They can
anyway, but not until we see a major
deflation. I think it's going to be very
serious. I am totally in agreeance with
Mike Maloney on that because it just
seems like the most logical way to do
things for them
anyway. And interconnected with that, my
last point for today is this. There was
a study done that determined that
essentially all of the world is
controlled by a small group of
corporations. And it totals them up here
in this
um in this document a report.
And what we're looking at is 147
transnational corporations are at the
core. They found tens of thousands of
corporations that essentially control
everything in the
world. But the
conglomerates, the let's say parent
companies who own all of those other
companies, you break it down to 147.
Now, if you have 147 people in a room,
let's say the top person in each one of
those companies, oh, I don't know, like
a Bilderberg
meeting, you could control the entire
world. You can manipulate the stock
market. You could decide what will crash
and what will rise.
You could say when the wars will take
place. You could decide absolutely any
factor
globally because a small group of people
control a small set of
corporations that control a larger set
of corporations that ultimately control
the entire world.
So I say to
you, where is your money
today? Do you feel fully
responsible for every action that you
take? And have you made all of the right
decisions? Have you done all your due
diligence, all your homework for this?
Whatever that is, investing in stocks,
maybe you're trying to go off-rid, maybe
you are building a business, investing
in precious metals, anything that you
do, you have to be responsible, take the
initiative, do your homework, and make
sure that it is the right thing. If you
found this video informative, please
give me a thumbs up. I want to know your
feedback. I want to know your thoughts
on everything that I do, not just on
this
video. And last but not least, if you
found this video informative, I know you
will find my books, The Money GPS and my
new release, Global Economic Collapse,
even more informative. If you want to
find out more about this video, if you
want to know
about all of the
ecourse, then check out my
website. When you go to my website, you
will see the free ecourse which is here.
You'll see information about my books.
You'll see the free ebooks and so much
more. That is at the
moneygps.com. Check it out. my books,
the ecourse, free ecourse, which has so
much information, hours and hours of
free information to hopefully help
people dissect exactly what's going on.
Take care.